Add in the link for Auto Attendant diagnostic (#7841)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/create-a-phone-system-auto-attendant.md

- [Import-CsAutoAttendantHolidays](/powershell/module/skype/import-csautoattendantholidays)
- [New-CsAutoAttendantCallableEntity](/powershell/module/skype/New-CsAutoAttendantCallableEntity)

## More information

> If you have followed these steps, but have issues with the Auto Attendant, Microsoft has developed Teams-specific diagnostic scenarios that may help. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have followed these steps, but have issues with the auto attendant, we have developed Teams-specific diagnostic scenarios that may help. 
```

### Non-administrators

Please contact your [Microsoft 365 Administrator](/microsoft-365/admin/add-users/about-admin-roles?view=o365-worldwide&preserve-view=true). 

### Administrators

> [!NOTE]
> This feature is not available for Microsoft 365 Government, Microsoft 365 operated by 21Vianet, or Microsoft 365 Germany.

> While you’re logged in as an administrator, visit your Microsoft 365 admin center. In the navigation pane, select Show all > Support > New service request. After you briefly describe your issue (for example, “Teams Auto Attendant Troubleshooting”), the system determines whether a diagnostic scenario matches your issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While you’re logged in as an administrator, navigate to the  Microsoft 365 admin center. In the navigation pane, select **Show all** > **Support** > **New service request**. After you have briefly described your issue (for example, “Teams auto attendant troubleshooting”), the system determines whether a diagnostic scenario matches your issue.
```

> Or you can click this link to get to the diagnostic directly!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Or you can select this link to get to the diagnostic directly.
```

> 1. Select **Run Tests** below, which will populate the diagnostic in the Microsoft 365 Admin Center. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Select **Run Tests**, which will populate the diagnostic in the Microsoft 365 admin center. 
```

    > [Run Tests: Teams Auto Attendant](https://aka.ms/TeamsAADiag)

> 2. In the diagnostic form, enter your Auto Attendant Resource email address, and then select **Run Tests**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In the diagnostic form, enter your auto attendant resource email address, and then select **Run Tests**.
```

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/11858030/133628641-c5277c02-89f8-4599-9c3c-1cf9a064c73f.png)

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

3. If the test detects configuration issues, it will display links to help resolve those issues.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/11858030/133628705-e04d84f9-a468-4189-b3a8-9ac11a8b6bec.png)

> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
